I paired the lighter shades together and the more bold shades together
Just here and there that made sense.
I tried to see if a blend of a or b can make the reference color.
I just really tried to see how they correlated with the reference color.
families of colors and how dark or light they were
I mostly stuck with my gut and chose the colors that seemed to be the most attractive pairings to the eye and least dissonant.
mostly instinctive, but i think i used brightness when two colors were very dissimilar to the choices.
I looked at the shades of the blocks . If the reference block was a darker shade I chose the block that was darker, and the same for the lighter shaded blocks
I tried to match up the colors the best I could
I completed the task by comparing the colors from the reference and deciding either A or B by how dark or light the color is.
If the two colors were not similar to the original color, then I would judge based on how dark it was. However, if it was a related shade, that took priority over darkness.
Followed instinct to determine similarity.
I tried to look at the individual tiles lined up to each other, but all of the tiles were making my eyes sore. I don't know how to explain it, but near the end it became more of a ""feel"", if that makes sense. I sort of just let my eyes take in the whole screen, and then chose accordingly. Sometimes, it felt like there was a just a slight difference between the colors, yet logically, I knew that it shouldn't be. But I still clicked on it to make say it was similar. Hope that was ok. 
I just tried to gauge which looked most similar to my eye. No strategy, just honest comparison.
Usually I compared based on the hue.  If they were similar, I compared based on the brightness.  
I just went with my gut when they were totally different. Sometimes I would match the opacity with each other.
Fun
I just picked colors that I thought was the most similar and I also looked at the level of brightness in the colors.
lighter versus darker if color not the same shade
 no