I tried ti use the similar color families, it harder with the black background
Similar like colors.
I mostly compared them based on hue.  If they were similar in that, I compared them based on brightness.  
I went by the colors of the rainbow mostly and chose which colors I thought would be closest together. When it came to red/orange and had to match them with blue/green/purple... I chose the lightest of the second group.
I tried to match the colors up the best I could
I was able to complete the task by selecting the color that seemed darker than the referenced color. 
For some I determined if any of the colors were a mix of others, for example, if the reference was blue and the options were orange or green, I chose green because green is blue mixed with yellow. Others I used the placement on the color wheel. For example if the reference was orange and one of the options were blue, no matter what the other color was it was closer to orange because blue and orange are complimentary. And for any color I absolutely couldnt tell, I compared warm and cool tones.
I tried to find tiles that were lined up to each other, and then compared those two. My selection was then based upon how closely the matching pair of tiles looked. 
I just looked at the colors and thought to myself whether it would be easier for the reference color to turn into color A or B with the least amount of steps. And that is the color I chose. 
I really enjoy this task. I just picked the color that was most similar.
I tried to compare the lightness and darkness of the colors and see which colors matched closely
I tried to make some color pairs, like red and orange, or pink and red, or blue and purple, or lighter and darker.
Followed instinct to determine similarity.
I went with my first instinctive choice of pairings.
Just by looking very closely to see which selection matched the reference color. 
lighter or darker
Tried to match shades and base colors.
i tried to use my recollection of the color wheel to determine closet color.
If was light color i would chose dark color of the same color. It was not same color I would chose if light color with light color or dark color with dark color of different colors. 