Lighter shades of the same color were scored 1-4.  Colors that are similar (comprised of the same colors) were scored 5-8. Colors that were completely different regardless of shade were scored 10.
if there were only 2 colors than I chose completely different as the answer.  If there were more than 2 colors or shades than if a and b were same color but different shades I chose somewhere in between 0 and 9
I made my decision just by simply looking at them for a few seconds
I'm not sure if I completed the task in accordance with how it was intended to be completed. The directions seemed somewhat vague in that respect. I focused on the colors near the letters and made my judgments based on their differences/similarities and not the actual colors of the letters themselves. 
no comment
Similar color families got scores closer to no difference
warm - cool and then hue
similar colors get lower rating
I just judged the color swatches and used common knowledge on what appeared to be different between the colors.
None. Thank you.
 I looked for colors that fell within the same ""family"" e.g. two different shades of blue, and gave it a slightly lower extreme rating than I gave to two completely different colors e.g. green ad blue. I did not think the two sets of colors should be rated at the same level of extremity. 
I have nothing further to add.
I tried to go on my first instinct.
I thought about if a primary color made up another color then I may not mark it as a full 9 difference. Also if the pair was just a lighter shade I marked it in the middle of the range.
thank you
If they are shades of the same color (ie purple and lavender), then they are more similar, although toward the middle. Shades of different colors that are in the same family, such as both pastels or jewel tones might rate an 8, depending on the specific colors. 
If they were different shades of the same color, they were more similar. 
Matched colors and shades to the best of my ability.
Opposites I'm giving 9.    Same color in different shades I'm giving 5 or 6
How close the shade was in terms of color chart.
