 
I just based it off of if they were in the same color family
No strategy. 
In this task the color combinations where more harmonious and blended. In this test I had to mark option 9 less, thanin the previous 3 survey choices.
color groups would fall <= 6 according to how close i think they are. Same tone but different color group about a 7. above 7 is completely different colors with higher number for darker verses lighter colors.
shading, and colors sameness
I separate colors that are from different gradients.
If the colors were obviously different (i.e., orange and blue), I would mark them at the end of the spectrum.  If the colors were somewhat similar (lilac, blue) and somewhat light in shade (pale as opposed to a dark shade), I would mark them somewhere in  between.
Just matched colors and shades to the best of my ability.
I use each number as a shade with zero being identical colors and each number after that a different shade. 9 would be completely different colors from each other.
I tried to imagine their relationship on the color wheel.
Colors that were in the pinkish, reddish zone, or should I say more feminine were closer to each other than colors that were blue, green and so forth.  If pink was matched with blue, then it would be completely different in color.  Also variations in shades of color would be closer to each other, for example baby blue vs medium blue.
no strategy
When there are three colors in the group, I rated colors that can be considered to belong to the same “family” (e.g. two shades of blue), less extreme than I rated two completely different colors (e.g. blue and purple).
Opposites I'm giving 9.    Same color in different shades I'm giving 5 or 6
First I look at warm vs. cool, then I check out hues. 
I was looking at the colors and trying to figure out if they were similar in any way. I was thinking if they were on the same line of color.
I said colors were the same if they were the same hue and shade. I said they were the a 4 or 5 if they were the same hue, but a different shade. I said they were a 9 if they were completely different both shade and hue.
I measured the shades of the colors with one hand covering the other shape, and vice-versa.
I divided all the colors into 3 subgroups, red, green and blue, and then compare them in each subcategory. 
