rotated is slightly different
Looked for matching orientations, and number of sides.
Related the cross with squares, and the stars with the pentagon similar to the star. The diamonds and squares the same.
I scored anything that was entirely different shapes as being entirely different, unless they had the same amount of sides, then from 5+ depending on how differently shaped those sides were. If they the same shape, only positioned differently, I scored them from 4+. The starbursts I scored closer to one end or the other based on how many lines different there were, or orientation compared to each other.
If they was one open and one closed shape I'd mark them very different. If it was the same shape, but rotated, I'm mark them similar. If they were both closed or both open, but not the same, I'd mark them in the middle.
I looked at the shapes and the way they were positioned, i also looked at the number of sides each one had . I also looked to see how different each shapes was compared to each other based on the number of lines it had. 
I counted sides, and looked at angles to determine how different each shape was. 
I looked at how much they seemed to be in the same category if they were not identical.
I just compared to other pairs and made a judgement call.
Its hard to put anything other than a 9 unless they are just rotations of the same shape. One shape is very different from a completely different shape. Towards the end I started to use lower numbers for shapes that would fit cleanly inside one another or if they had equal symmetry, etc. Repetition made my difference vote more relaxed.
I tried to go on my first instinct.
I started with squares, circles , triangles and stars, those are dissimilar. Then I looked at how similar a shape was within those groups. 
If shape was the same but rotation was different I scored them at a 1 or 2. If shapes were completely different (circle and square) I scored them at a nine. If a shape was part of another shape (triangle/square) I scored them between 4 and 8 as somewhat similar)
Determine if there is just one extra line or two making them different, in which case, they're not that different from each other.
if the shapes were thee same it didn't matter what the orientation was
Rounded shapes I made sure to mark very different. I basically went with my gut instinct.
Anything with a line based shaped and a polygon i usually did 6 or more. Two shapes that were same but different orientation i gave 1. 
I look to see if they are similar at all even if in different positions.  Then look to see If they are slightly similar in some way like general shape or lines. If none above then completely different.
Shapes that are closed are very different from shapes that are just lines like a cross. But shapes are more similar if they share the same number of lines or sides.
