If it was the same I gave it a score of 0. If it was not the same I gave it a score of 9.
I thought about primary colors. If two different colors shared a primary, I ranked the difference.
If colors were complete opposites on the color wheel, I scored it a 9. If they were closer than that, I scored between 1 and 8. Colors that looked exactly the same or close I choose 0.
if the colors were in a similar color group they may have been scored less than a 9
if the were the same color but different shades of it i would rate it a 5 everything else was either very different or no different
I compared the two colors by how much they contrasted with each other and if the colors were close to each other on the color chart.
If they were different colors all together, i chose very different. If it was just a lighter or darker shade of the same color, then i put that it was somewhat different.
not sure i can put it in words. i started off scoring a little different than i ended up scoring. Colors come from other basic colors. If color A comes from a basic color in color B then they are more likely closer together. If they don't then I try to gauge how far apart they are based on shade and other factors.
I tried to consider the spectrums and if each color had similarities. I also kept 9 for what I felt were complete opposites.
No real strategy at all since my ability to see colors is excellent. But when making my decisions I did keep the primary color scheme in mind while checking the boxes.
I compared the colors.
Just color wheel thoughts.
I tried to take into account colors that were both warm or cool, or different shades of each other.  Other than that, I really just went on instinct.
No strategy, just compared them.
I looked at the colors and tones and decided if they were close to each other
Colors that were in the pinkish, reddish zone, or should I say more feminine were closer to each other than colors that were blue, green and so forth.  If pink was matched with blue, then it would be completely different in color.  Also variations in shades of color would be closer to each other, for example baby blue vs medium blue.
Opposites I'm giving 9.    Same color in different shades I'm giving 5 or 6
Matched base colors and shades as best to my abilities.
