I used shading and hue,.
i used shades of light and dark
I didn't really have any strategies. I just went by my eye. I did look at the lightness and darkness of the shades and compared them that way
Nothing special,just chose what looked the closest in color and shade
I tried to match the colors as close as possible, or at least match it up with related colors. I didn't take the shade into account.
while clicking directly on the colored box would select the button beneath *most* of the time, i did notice at least a few times that selecting the box above the button chose the *other!* button! often i was hitting return in reflex as i noticed this error, it seems the area to select the button on a few pages is error'd, and will only allow selection by keypress or button select, and *not* by a click on or around the correspoding corrcet square. the difference was seen in maybe half a dozen pages. it slowed the process, as i had to double check each radio button seclection before entering.
Light versus darker if not the same color or shade
I completed the task by comparing the colors and picking the color that were close to the reference color.
First, I looked at the predominant color of the ""reference,"" and then picked the (a,b) which was closest to that color.  Next, I picked colors that seemed to go together, like greens & blues, or reds and oranges. If the reference color was ""way off"" the (a,b) colors, I would pick the color closes in shade(dark or light.) Finally, I might pick the colors that were I thought were both ""warm"" or both ""cold.

If the colors weren't identical or near identical, I simply used the colors which seemed closest. For example, red or pink were closer to orange or yellow than green or blue.
I just picked the colors that were most identical and had the closest amount of brightness. I really enjoyed this task.
I tried to pick the color that look closest to the reference color, on the color wheel.
Nearest color family match
Tried to match colors and shade.
Not really any strategy.  I basically looked to see how close the colors were but at times it was tough because the colors were very different.  At times when they were different, I compared how ""loud"" the colors were and compared that way.  So if 2 colors were different by the coloring was darker on 2 objects, I selected the darker object.
I decided on if they were solid colors or more faint colors. I thought about what they would most closely resemble.
I just tried to match the color pallets. 
At first I was selecting by hue with intensity being 2nd. Then I realized I was selecting by proximity, as in if there was a color equal to reference that was near a or b, I would select the a or b that had a nearby color close to reference
I just tried to match the color that seemed most similar to my eye.