Lighter colors were more similar to each other.
if it was the same shade of color i looked at the degree of shading or tried to at least
I just looked at the colors and compared them!
I tried to figure out if there was a comon mix for the colors
no comment
If a color was similiar but it was a different shade then i use each number as a shade difference. If the colors are two completely different colors then i use a 9 or 8 depending on how different they are.
I looked for colors that fall within the same ""family"" e.g. two different shades of blue, to not rate it the same as I would two different colors (e.g. red and grey); however, upon assessing the different shades of blue etc., they were still very noticeably different, so they were given an extreme rating 
Same as I did in the first task. Group colors that between them I can create a similar hue to its original. Very different for example are blues and browns because when mixed together they make a complete new shade (gray) that its not related to either.
I rated colors similarly if they were closer to each other on a color wheel (red and orange).
Not that many colors in the same group in this hit if they were similar they would be ranked less than 9 depending on degree of similarity
I tended to score colors as more similar if they were both 'bright' or 'dull' and if one color was a mixture that involved the other.
I just used my visual perception
I used ""warm"" color vs ""cool"" color to compare the pairs
if only 2 colors, and a and b were different, then max diff. if more than 2 colors, and a and b different, then 7 or 8 colors that seemed the same, then no diff. 
I first matched complimentary colors and then also the hue of it.  I then decided if they weren't exactly matches but complimentary and similar otherwise it would get 2-5.  If they weren't similar at all it would get the 9 and then 6-8 if they shared at least one similar trait.
looked at the overall and compared it
Colors that were in the pinkish, reddish zone, or should I say more feminine were closer to each other than colors that were blue, green and so forth.  If pink was matched with blue, then it would be completely different in color.  Also variations in shades of color would be closer to each other, for example baby blue vs medium blue.
I differentiated between hues and tones.
if a color was blue but on lighter I graded it a 5 of the color was part of another color like orange is red and yellow mixed and orange was scored again red I would grade it a 8 if its two different colors completely I said 9
I just tried to be consistant. I usually had a baseline of 6 for reds with greens and blues or oranges with dark colors. For similar colors I tried to keep them in the first 3
