Man that was annoying.
I choose the color that was closest to it in the rainbow, or closest in shade. 
I associated greens and blues with each other and pinks and purples with each other.  If it was a completely different color like orange I chose by brightness of the color.
'click' color + hit spacebar, was what helped me best, clicking the color was easier than thinking ""a"" or ""b"", and hitting 'spacebar' rather than 'enter'helped set up a rythym to the task, which helped it flow.  the colors i tried to pick by similar shade, but some offered no comparable color, ""shows red, asks pick green or blue"", with those i tried to match the shade if there was no color match.
I compared shades to where they fell on the color spectrum, and also whether or not they were bright and saturated.
I was judging by the undertones I noticed in each color, it's been interesting taking a closer look at the colors.
I used the shade of the color as a secondary criteria, and the intensity (or depth) of the color as the primary criteria.  It was a challenge!
I matched the reference with most of the color boxes around and felt that it helped with making my final decision
I tried the color family method
I interpreted ""more similar"" to mean about the same ""tone"" -- where greens of all kinds (dark, light, faded, bright, etc.) were grouped together.  Where that strategy was of no use, I compared similar saturations -- light purples with light oranges, for example.
Tried to match up the colors
I tried to match shades of blue with shades of blue, and etc. In the cases that the colors were completely different, I tried to choose the one that might be closest on the color wheel. Failing that, I would try to choose ones that had a similar shade/tint. 
I instinctively went with the shades that my eyes processed easiest.
I didn't have one particular way that I compared the colors. Mostly, I went with my initial reaction to what colors compared best.
I usually put purples greens and blues together. When there wasnt much similarity I would use brightness.
Hue and saturation
I matched them as close as possible to where they would be  to the color of a rainbow.  Sometimes, when neither of the two colors seened to be similar, I went with two pastels or two bolds.  
I just picked colors that were most similar.
Followed instinct to determine similarity.
Usually I compared based on the hue.  If they were similar, I compared based on the brightness.  