Color family first, then shade, then hue.
I attempted to use the visible light spectrum wavelengths, ROYGBIV, as a guide in associating like colors in addition to trying to match color intensity and warmth. 
I just tried to match the colors as best I could. 
Generally I would go for the closer shade of the same color of the reference. If there was no same color, then I went with the color that was closer to the reference. If I couldn't decide between the choices, then I'd go for the one with the same saturation/intensity as the reference even if the color itself wasn't the same. Of course, I may not have been perfect with my strategy as it tended to evolve as the tasks went on.
I just picked the most similar. If they weren't similar at all, I tried to decide based on how bright or dark they were.
I tried to match the shades that were closest either in hue or, failing that, brightness/darkness.
Sometimes I used primary colors that could be mixed together to make another color. Like if the reference was purple and the had to choose either red or orange. I chose red because red and blue mixed together makes purple.
 Tried to match up the colors. 

Just tried matching colour and then saturation
To complete the tasks, I studied the appearance of the colors and picked the color that looked similar to the reference.
Light purple and Dark purple go together but two lights always go together if the shades don't match.
First looked for exact match, then went on hue, then went on brightness. Very interesting!
Well, that was interesting and different!
Color wheel placement, warm and cool tones, pastels, vs bright colors.
Usually I compared based on the hue.  If they were similar, I compared based on the brightness.  
I tried to pick the color that look closest to the reference color, on the color wheel.
just tried to break down the reference block into primary colors and then choose the best one. If nothing fit i went by shade.
By trying to match the shade if the colors werent the same.
I just considered the spectrum of colors before deciding.