I tried to keep 9 for extreme differences and then considered the spectrum.
 
trying to match on the color wheel and the shade
If the two were different shades of the same color, I marked them similar depending on the difference of shade
Complimentary colors-completely different
Shades were closer than complete different colors
I compared tones and hues.
Variations of colors i usually put a 5 depending on how lighter or darker they were.
I just judged the color swatches and used common knowledge on what appeared to be different between the colors.
Warm vs. cool and then I looked at hue. I find the colors look very different against a black background
I use each number as a shade with zero being identical colors and each number after that a different shade. 9 would be completely different colors from each other.
I looked at how dark or light the colors were, and also colors that used some of the same primary colors - example purple is red and blue, if the other block was blue I would rate is closer.
No strategy used
no comment
colrs that are visibly very different get a 9, if they are somewhat the same hue, but seperate colors for example a blue and green of the same brigtness but pretty far apart, they get 7, if they're closer a 5, if they're about the same shade they get between a 4 and a 2, usually a 3, some that may have been the same I gave a 1 due to them looking slightly different, this may have been due to monitor or lighting issues, but I thought I still detected a slight difference.
Colors that were in the pinkish, reddish zone, or should I say more feminine were closer to each other than colors that were blue, green and so forth.  If pink was matched with blue, then it would be completely different in color.  Also variations in shades of color would be closer to each other, for example baby blue vs medium blue.
None. Thank you.
no particular strategy, just followed instructions
No strategy used.  Only tried to match the color really if it was close or how far off it was.  
How close they where from a color chart.
