i tried to use the scale that was shown in the beginning to make my judgements
tried to see if the circles  had about the same curve to it, 
I simply tried to judge the size of one circle in comparison to the other.  If they looked nearly identical, I rated it low.  If they looked quite different, I rated it high.
I found it kind of arbitrary rating from 1-9, as it was hard to judge the actual area difference between the circles.
I just compared the sizes of the circles
No real strategy aside from comparing the circles to see if they were the same size or a different size.
No strategy.
just tried to pay attention...tough one.
At first I may have been underestimating it a bit and eventually I assigned a number of 1 to 9 to each and just did simple subtraction to determine what I found to be the difference.  Still feel I may have been underestimating by a bit. 
I tried to make sure that I measured the circles according to the beginning scale
I just compared the two sizes.
I tried to assign a numerical value to the relative scale of the circles.
I guessed about how big of a size difference they were by the scale. 
Tried to base them off of other circles nearby to see how big/small they were in comparison.
I went by how big of a difference there was between them considering all the different sizes, even when some sizes weren't shown I thought about them. From the smallest to the largest. Thank you this was fun!!
I tried to stay consistent with how I grade the relative size difference between the two circles. I set a range early in the task and I tried to stick to it as much as possible. Those 0 and 1 or 8 and 9 were very tricky. I just went with my intuition on those calls.
just trying to eyeball the sizes in comparison.
I just scrutinized them very carefully first noting size then analyzing the relation to size of each.
I used the circumference of the circles as a reference.
i used the size to base my number on if the circle was 50% bigger than the other i would say a 5 if it was 20% i would say 2 on the score.
