na
color families and hues
 
I assigned a numerical value to the different shades and color differences between both colors.
If the boxes were two completely different colors I chose a '9'. If the colors were shades of each other I usually ranked it 5 or below. If it was sort of close I went in the 6- 8 range. Thanks.
I looked for colors that fell within the same ""family"" e.g. two different shades of blue, and gave it a slightly lower extreme rating than I gave to two completely different colors (e.g. red and green. I did not think the two sets of colors should be rated at the same level of extremity
I grouped blues and purples as more similar. I took the darkness and lightness of the color into consideration. 
if they were different colors, but one was dark and one was light, they were more different than ones that were both light or both dark. Different shades of a color were more alike than opposite colors, like red and green.
Light with lighter colors and if two many bold differences, I rated they were very different. (Higher than 5)
just looked at color families
Matched colors and shades to the best of my ability. Accidentally hit 9 for a 1* in this hit.
no comment
If it was the same shade (pink/red) then I had to think more about what intensity and how different it was.
I use each number as a shade with zero being identical colors and each number after that a different shade. 9 would be completely different colors from each other.
This one is harder than the shape. Those with the same color but with different degree of brightness/shades were easy to grade but those with 2 different colors I struggled with. If the colors were adjacent on the color wheel, I placed them closer. If they were very far apart, I just rated them as totally different.
No comments on this one. Used the same technique as the previous test.
Opposites I'm giving 9.    Same color in different shades I'm giving 5 or 6
First I look at warm vs. cool, then I look at the hue
I had no strategy other than looking at the colors.
no comment
